docs: improve readme (#2440)
yargs/yargs: README.md

  .parse()
```

> > Note: If you define version tags in url , you also have to add `-deno` flag in the end , like `@17.7.2-deno`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: If you use version tags in url then you also have to add `-deno` flag on the end, like `@17.7.2-deno`
```
